Add release highlights (#2356)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/1.0.0.asciidoc

* Remove finalizers {pull}2195[#2195]
* Downgrade to basic if user deletes license secret {pull}2188[#2188]
* Add default requests and limits to the init containers {pull}2186[#2186] (issue: {issue}2179[#2179])
* Sort seed hosts to avoid unecessary configmap updates {pull}2171[#2171]
* Turn blacklist into warning events and logs statements {pull}2162[#2162]
* Autostart trial {pull}2160[#2160]
* Reconcile all clusters on license change {pull}2145[#2145]
* Pods upgrade: log a summary of failed predicates {pull}2128[#2128]
* Add webhook Secret and ValidatingWebhookConfiguration certificate management {pull}2126[#2126]
* Name service ports based on protocol {pull}2083[#2083]
* Simplify license installation {pull}2073[#2073]
* Check resource version when deleting a Pod during force-upgrades {pull}2066[#2066] (issue: {issue}1916[#1916])
* Perform forced rolling upgrade even if ES is reachable {pull}2022[#2022]
* Refactor expectations with proper garbage collection {pull}2000[#2000] (issue: {issue}1611[#1611])

[[bug-1.0.0]]
[float]
=== Bug fixes

* Do not report max ERUs for basic licenses {pull}2377[#2377]
* Fix v1beta1 webhook {pull}2358[#2358] (issue: {issue}2355[#2355])

> * Preserve environment variable order in pod spec {pull}2341[#2341]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Preserve environment variable order in the Pod specification {pull}2341[#2341]
```

* Reuse the same upscaleState across StatefulSets {pull}2339[#2339] (issue: {issue}2338[#2338])
* Allow node restart even if cluster health is yellow {pull}2330[#2330]

> * Don&#39;t upgrade pods if empty StatefulSet UpdateRevision {pull}2321[#2321] (issue: {issue}2320[#2320])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not upgrade Pods if empty StatefulSet UpdateRevision {pull}2321[#2321] (issue: {issue}2320[#2320])
```

* Fix how cluster.initial_master_nodes is set {pull}2315[#2315] (issue: {issue}2291[#2291])

> * Wait for webhook key to be present in fs {pull}2312[#2312]

Reviewer: Not sure what `fs` is. Shall we spell it?
